# Communication Protocols:
Our application system uses a client-server architecture where the mobile client communicates with the backend server and external APIs such as Google Maps through protocols. The web interface (client) sends data such as user inputs, login credentials and location information to the backend server using HTTPS requests. We plan to create RESTful API endpoint routes like ‘/login’, ‘/profile’, and ‘/home’ to receive such requests. For instance, clients will send the login credentials to ‘/login’ for authentication and request profile information to ‘/profile’ when the profile page is loaded up. These requests and data will be sent in JSON format, to ensure consistency between the client and server. 

Express.js framework will be the intermediate middleware to handle routes for these requests from the client side and sends JSON responses back after performing CRUD operations and validating data in the backend side. The backend will communicate with external APIs like Google Map API to request location data, place information and distance information for the implementation of interactive maps in our application.

On the other hand, WebSocket protocols will be used for real-time communication since we plan to implement the chatting function where multiple continuous data from different users are updated. This protocol allows open connections between the client and the server so messages can be exchanged instantly between users. For instance, a message from User A is sent through WebSocket to the server and the server will forward it to User B in real time. 
